Copyright 2008-2025 The Khronos Group Inc.

This Specification is protected by copyright laws and contains material proprietary to Khronos.
Except as described by these terms, it or any components may not be reproduced, republished,
distributed, transmitted, displayed, broadcast or otherwise exploited in any manner without the
express prior written permission of Khronos.

This Specification has been created under the Khronos Intellectual Property Rights
Policy, which is Attachment A of the Khronos Group Membership Agreement available at
www.khronos.org/files/member_agreement.pdf and defines the terms 'Scope', 'Compliant Portion',
and 'Necessary Patent Claims'.

Khronos grants a conditional copyright license to use and reproduce the
unmodified Specification for any purpose, without fee or royalty, EXCEPT no licenses
to any patent, trademark or other intellectual property rights are granted under these
terms. Parties desiring to implement the Specification and make use of Khronos trademarks
in relation to that implementation, and receive reciprocal patent license protection under
the Khronos Intellectual Property Rights Policy must become Adopters and confirm the
implementation as conformant under the process defined by Khronos for this Specification;
see https://www.khronos.org/adopters.

Khronos makes no, and expressly disclaims any, representations or warranties,
express or implied, regarding this Specification, including, without limitation:
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of any
intellectual property, correctness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and
reliability. Under no circumstances will Khronos, or any of its Promoters,
Contributors or Members, or their respective partners, officers, directors,
employees, agents or representatives be liable for any damages, whether direct,
indirect, special or consequential damages for lost revenues, lost profits, or
otherwise, arising from or in connection with these materials.

Where this Specification identifies specific sections of external references, only those
specifically identified sections define normative functionality. The Khronos Intellectual
Property Rights Policy excludes external references to materials and associated enabling
technology not created by Khronos from the Scope of this specification, and any licenses
that may be required to implement such referenced materials and associated technologies
must be obtained separately and may involve royalty payments.

Khronos® and Vulkan® are registered trademarks, and SPIR™, SPIR-V™, and SYCL™ are trademarks
of The Khronos Group Inc. OpenCL™ is a trademark of Apple Inc. used under license by Khronos.
OpenGL® is a registered trademark and the OpenGL ES™ and OpenGL SC™ logos 
are trademarks of Hewlett Packard Enterprise used under license by Khronos.
All other product names, trademarks, and/or company names are used solely for identification
and belong to their respective owners.

